you
oh and G
and then he's like no way bro then
there's like you away no story bro did
you hear what that hot-air balloon crash
on the news it was really scary what
cabin are you in just find a way to my
office
another find the way to the office I'll
be fine excuse me coming through excuse
me can you just move out the way I need
get through and do you know what offices
straight down there Thanks I'm sorry
boy watch it sorry
well I guess I said
um hello hi there um
fine news here oh so you are indeed I'll
see what happens are left
and yeah um may just please have your
neat name first Jeff Parker my real name
is Jessica but just for short
okay I'll be right back
Oh righty and you have your papers here
okay so what they are is your cabin
number and your schedules what you don't
do what you can people
hey you here
so my cabin number is 97
okay yes this is the one
awesome Kevin
you with your words and knives and
swords and new weapons that you use
against me you knock me off my feet
again got me feeling like a nothing to
you it was your voice like nails on a
chalkboard call me out when I'm ready
you picking on the weaker man
well you can take me down with just one
single bow but you don't know what you
don't know someday
never gonna miss me
beginners can
and all you're ever gonna be is mean why
you gotta be so mean
you with your switch in the sides and
your wife allies and your humiliation
you if I don't already see them
I want my head down trying to block you
cuz
I just wanna feel okay again then she
got pushed around
this is so mouth comes yes bitch
oh hello hi my name's Lily my name's
Jessica
call me Jess for sure okay hi Jessica
which are you Jesse this is your first
time here yeah this is my third is it
fun here
yeah except for oh look who's come to
join the party
fancy meeting you here
really I could say the same thing to you
Mackenzie I take it you guys know each
other oh yeah she's the meanest most
nasty mouth anointest girl I have ever
met
they're just jealous what did you pack
in your tenant bricks didn't everyone
put the bags over there I take it that's
my bitch
yep Mackenzie there your Bey
the purple ones Mackenzie the other ones
are precious little servant what's your
name oh yeah Veronica